# Copyright 2021 Google LLC
# Copyright 2022 @filterpaper
# SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
# Original source: https://getreuer.info/posts/keyboards/autocorrection

:alot:         -> a lot
:comming:      -> coming
:grammer       -> grammar
:guage         -> gauge
:momento:      -> memento
:the:the:      -> the
:thier         -> their
:ture          -> true
absense        -> absence
acceptible     -> acceptable
accidentaly    -> accidentally
accomodate     -> accommodate
acheive        -> achieve
acommodate     -> accommodate
acquaintence   -> acquaintance
adress         -> address
adultary       -> adultery
adviseable     -> advisable
agian          -> again
agression      -> aggression
agressive      -> aggressive
alegiance      -> allegiance
allegaince     -> allegiance
allegience     -> allegiance
allmost        -> almost
amatuer        -> amateur
amature        -> amateur
annualy        -> annually
anually        -> annually
aparent        -> apparent
aparrent       -> apparent
apparant       -> apparent
apparrent      -> apparent
aquaintance    -> acquaintance
aquire         -> acquire
aquit          -> acquit
arguement      -> argument
athiest        -> atheist
aweful         -> awful
awfull         -> awful
beatiful       -> beautiful
becomeing      -> becoming
becuase        -> because
begining       -> beginning
beleive        -> believe
bellweather    -> bellwether
buisness       -> business
calender       -> calendar
camoflage      -> camouflage
camoflague     -> camouflage
carribean      -> Caribbean
catagory       -> category
caugt          -> caught
cauhgt         -> caught
cemetary       -> cemetery
changable      -> changeable
cheif          -> chief
choosen        -> chosen
cieling        -> ceiling
collaegue      -> colleague
collegue       -> colleague
comitted       -> committed
commited       -> committed
comparsion     -> comparison
conceed        -> concede
concensus      -> consensus
concious       -> conscious
congradulate   -> congratulate
consciencious  -> conscientious
consious       -> conscious
contians       -> contain
contraversy    -> controversy
dacquiri       -> daiquiri
daquiri        -> daiquiri
decieve        -> deceive
definately     -> definitely
definitly      -> definitely
dervied        -> derived
desparate      -> desperate
diffrence      -> difference
dilema         -> dilemma
disasterous    -> disastrous
dissapoint     -> disappoint
drunkeness     -> drunkenness
dumbell        -> dumbbell
embarass       -> embarrass
enviroment     -> environment
equiptment     -> equipment
excede         -> exceed
exilerate      -> exhilarate
existance      -> existence
experiance     -> experience
extreem        -> extreme
facinating     -> fascinating
fales          -> false
familar        -> familiar
fasle          -> false
febuary        -> february
firey          -> fiery
fitler         -> filter
flase          -> false
flourescent    -> fluorescent
foriegn        -> foreign
fourty         -> forty
foward         -> forward
freind         -> friend
frequecy       -> frequency
fullfil        -> fulfil
futher         -> further
garantee       -> guarantee
garentee       -> guarantee
gaurantee      -> guarantee
glamourous     -> glamorous
goverment      -> government
gratefull      -> grateful
greatful       -> grateful
guaratee       -> guarantee
guidence       -> guidance
harrass        -> harass
heighth        -> height
heigth         -> height
heirarchy      -> hierarchy
higeine        -> hygiene
hipocrit       -> hypocrite
hiygeine       -> hygiene
humerous       -> humorous
hygeine        -> hygiene
hygene         -> hygiene
hygine         -> hygiene
ignorence      -> ignorance
imediately     -> immediately
immitate       -> imitate
inclued        -> include
independant    -> independent
indispensible  -> indispensable
indite         -> indict
innoculate     -> inoculate
inteligence    -> intelligence
intelligance   -> intelligence
intput         -> input
invliad        -> invalid
jewelery       -> jewellery
kernal         -> kernel
knowlege       -> knowledge
lenght         -> length
liasion        -> liaison
liason         -> liaison
libary         -> library
liesure        -> leisure
lieue          -> lieu
licence        -> license
lisence        -> license
listner        -> listener
looses:        -> loses
looup          -> lookup
maintainance   -> maintenance
maintnance     -> maintenance
manefist       -> manifest
marshmellow    -> marshmallow
medeval        -> medieval
medevil        -> medieval
mideval        -> medieval
milennium      -> millennium
millenium      -> millennium
miniscule      -> minuscule
miniture       -> miniature
mischevious    -> mischievous
mischevous     -> mischievous
mischievious   -> mischievous
mispell        -> misspell
namesapce      -> namespace
namespcae      -> namespace
neccessary     -> necessary
necessery      -> necessary
neice          -> niece
nieghbor       -> neighbour
noticable      -> noticeable
occasionaly    -> occasionally
occassion      -> occasion
occured        -> occurred
occurence      -> occurrence
occurrance     -> occurrence
omision        -> omission
ommision       -> omission
orignal        -> original
ouptut         -> output
ouput          -> output
outragous      -> outrageous
overide        -> override
parliment      -> parliament
passtime       -> pastime
pasttime       -> pastime
percieve       -> perceive
perseverence   -> perseverance
personel       -> personnel
plagerize      -> plagiarize
playright      -> playwright
playwrite      -> playwright
posession      -> possession
possesion      -> possession
postion        -> position
potatos        -> potatoes
preceed        -> precede
presance       -> presence
privelege      -> privilege
priviledge     -> privilege
professer      -> professor
promiss        -> promise
pronounciation -> pronunciation
protestor      -> protester
prufe          -> proof
psuedo         -> pseudo
publically     -> publicly
quarentine     -> quarantine
questionaire   -> questionnaire
readible       -> readable
realy          -> really
reccommend     -> recommend
reciept        -> receipt
recieve        -> receive
recomend       -> recommend
referance      -> reference
refered        -> referred
refrence       -> reference
relevent       -> relevant
religius       -> religious
religous       -> religious
repitition     -> repetition
reseting       -> resetting
resistence     -> resistance
restarant      -> restaurant
restaraunt     -> restaurant
retrun         -> return
retun          -> return
reuslt         -> result
reutrn         -> return
revelant       -> relevant
rythem         -> rhythm
rythm          -> rhythm
saftey         -> safety
secratary      -> secretary
secretery      -> secretary
seperate       -> separate
seige          -> siege
sieze          -> seize
similer        -> similar
sincerly       -> sincerely
singed         -> signed
skilfull       -> skilful
speach         -> speech
speeche        -> speech
stirng         -> string
strign         -> string
succesful      -> successful
successfull    -> successful
sucessful      -> successful
supercede      -> supersede
suprise        -> surprise
surprize       -> surprise
swithc         -> switch
swtich         -> switch
thresold       -> threshold
tatoo          -> tattoo
tendancy       -> tendency
tomatos        -> tomatoes
tommorow       -> tomorrow
tommorrow      -> tomorrow
truely         -> truly
twelth         -> twelfth
tyrany         -> tyranny
udpate         -> update
uncessary      -> unnecessary
underate       -> underrate
unecessary     -> unnecessary
unescessary    -> unnecessary
untill         -> until
upholstry      -> upholstery
vaccum         -> vacuum
vaccuum        -> vacuum
vacume         -> vacuum
vehical        -> vehicle
visious        -> vicious
welfair        -> welfare
wellfare       -> welfare
widht          -> width
wierd          -> weird
wilfull        -> wilful
withold        -> withhold
writeing       -> writing
writen         -> written
writting       -> writing
